chore: update vitepress docs regarding onyx fullfillment (#2277)
SchwarzIT/onyx: apps/docs/src/development/packages/vitepress-theme.md

</div>

> Custom [VitePress](https://vitepress.dev) theme that uses the Schwarz Digits brand colors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom [VitePress](https://vitepress.dev) theme that uses the onyx brand colors.
```

Thats actually technical incorrect^^ We are not using the schwarz digits colors, we use the default onyx color palette.

I wouldn't describe it in that detail which colors we are using.

::: info

> The theme does not currently use the entire Onyx Framework _(yet)_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The theme does currently not use the entire onyx framework _(yet)_.
```
